like bring up this meeting, that's all. All right, yeah, I think we'll start with just my presentation because the last time I just grabbed my idea, it was kind of busted and it's gonna be a lot smoother with the presentation. So I'll probably take three minutes to do that and then we can look at other people's and then we can like circle back for questions online or else. So let's get into it. All right, can you guys see that? Yes. Did it just say idea for you guys or something else? Yeah, it says idea, Roman's slide. All right, so this is idea. Okay, so to preface, what I was talking about last time is pretty much this with one extra step that I think makes it even like more impactful and like, I think would make me a lot more motivated for it rather than just, you know, grinding away at another startup or a little company. This is the idea. Okay, this is the structure. So there's three layers. There's the, and I'm gonna get into what these each mean and why they're even there, but we have the project collective. So we'd be the first members of that. That'd be like a networking group, non-profits, no money goes through there. There'd be the company, which would be like what we're talking about with like this middleware idea we have, which I still very much support. That would be a for-profit traditional company or startup. And then the product would all be under the same umbrella of like AI focus tailored to specific problems. And then obviously lead to later AI integrations for clients. So you can kind of see that structure there. And what I mean by collective is, you know, upwards. I mean, really as many people as possible because you want like the credibility in numbers type of, like we'd be playing at that game. And I think it's also just a, you know, a noble cause to try and bring up those around you. So that's that. So what is the point of that? So in some of these charts, you can see on the left, it's no secret that CS, CE, CIS, they're like all of those degrees are just getting absolutely cooked and decimated. Like, I don't know why anyone's even like trying to say they're not, but they're just going to be like probably a race soon, or at the very least become so competitive that no one's going to be going into them anymore. And so you can see the unemployment rates are already a lot higher than most people really realize, especially for people in their early careers. So like CS 6.1, that's pretty insane. It's getting up to like these fine arts degrees almost and computer engineering is somehow higher than that, which is crazy. Then on the right, we have a graph I think everyone's seen, which is the kind of market size. And that's, so like, if our careers are, if we're like all in our early 20s right now, late teens, and our careers are going to be till we're like 65, you can imagine that number is going to get quite a lot larger. And even now it's exponential, right? So that's definitely interesting. And then the other point is, redirect decimated the students that have a lot of potential, but not a lot of opportunity. And then societal change assisting the AGI transition, which essentially we'd be riding the wave rather than just letting it kind of destroy us. And when I say us, I'm talking for like most young people in technology. So moving on. Okay, what brings it together? What's like, how do you even, how does that like actually work? So you can see a little diagram. So a member of time and resources, this could be a single person or a group of people. I like genuinely believe you could probably build a company solo now, especially with the tools you have. That they build an idea and then they go to the company search engine, which is like what I was talking about in the last meeting a lot. And then it goes to the AI product market fit calculator. And then it leads to jobs for that person and others as well as societal shift towards better regulation for AI in terms of just a society structured around that rather than kind of what we have right now, which is clearly not working. So it'd be constructing the internal resource. Essentially we'd be building the best state of the art publicly available. One of these like search engines for product market fit specifically meant for AI. So that's like a pretty novel thing because obviously most companies have this internally, but there's nothing for a collective. Moving on, why has no one else done this? That's a pretty important one. The easy answer is that because AI tools have only now allowed us to. So you can imagine 10,000 of our peers, which there's some good ones, some bad ones, some autistic ones, some pretty competent ones. If we get 10,000 of the competent ones using cloud code to integrate AI with society in the form of software, I think you could see a pretty substantial shift, especially nowadays that like pretty much everyone's a 100X engineer compared to where they were even like five, six years ago. And I got to glaze Claude, I think Claude is definitely important to that mission. So why isn't this a pyramid scheme? And that's another important question. And the simple answer is that the top layer has no profit incentive and there's no real direct control other than the people controlling the branding, which I'm imagining would either be myself or if you guys wanted to join. It'd just be a collection of people in a networking group eventually using an open source tool. All the money takes place at the individual company level. There's nothing like forcing you to be in the collective. And then I don't really give a fuck about money. In the long run, I'd rather assist in integration with AI because it's hard to say what's going to happen in three years. But I'm hedging my bets as something, it's going to look a lot different, the job landscape. So I would optimize now for exposure rather than capital. And next steps, what that would look like, especially for this group, would start building the product market with hit software and recruiting slash building brand reputation at both a company level and a collective level. So that would be establishing what we want these companies and collectives to look like. And then just make sure to keep the collective separate from the companies. And then market the companies as already well-established, which is something I mentioned in the last meeting as well. So that's really the whole overview. You can do questions now or after if you guys have any immediate questions. So that's really it. I got one thing I want to add. So over the week, I did some of my homework. Right now, I have an LLC in my name that is- A what? An LLC in my name that has, that's a minority company. So we have some tax breaks and it also has 15 years of experience already under its belt from the work my dad did on it. So I was wondering, I don't know, it's just something to throw out there. I'm willing to use this for, because the main point of our company is, of this initiative is that we have history and we build trust. And we say, we're not like the other people. We're established, we're trying to work on image, right? So I'm thinking we don't really need to just create the illusion that it's a well-established company. We can just build upon this LLC that's already there. That's frankly not being used either and just build off of that. It's just something I'm throwing out there, but- Yeah, that's interesting. Let me know what you guys are thinking. Right off the bat, there's a few concerns I have. One would be that it's tied to your name specifically. So any legal repercussions, if something goes wrong, would essentially prevent you from ever starting a company again. Yeah. That's another thing I was worried about. It really depends on what type of business license you have. I don't know how it works in New York. It's an IT license, it was an IT company. So it's already registered as a, I mean, a tech company of sorts. Okay, that's interesting. I mean, it's something that, it's just like something that I was just throwing out there. Definitely more research needs to be done. I did some of it on my own, but right now it's looking feasible if we do want to integrate it. Yeah, no, I think that's definitely interesting. That's good to know. I too have an LLC in my name. It's not active right now, but I've used it to make things simpler with contracts. But the thing I'm thinking is like, you don't really have to go to the traditional company route anymore. You know, where you have all these people and you have HR and all that. What I'm thinking at least to get started is that you can literally just like reach out to these companies and sell them software and then they own it straight out. And the reason you can do that now is because you can build software so fast. So it's, that's something to think about, but it's also, it's good to know that you have that like resource. Yeah, the main reason why I was bringing this up is because one of the main things, I know like we're not to this point yet. One of the main things, because I know like, we're not to this point yet, it's just like the, the taxes on like having the LLC in New York, especially, I'm not sure where you set yours up. And but if you have one in New York, the taxes on that are pretty crazy. I was talking to my dad about that. Um, also, it's just that it already has 15 years of experience already under it. So that's, I think that's the main reason why I'm bringing it up, because of the it's already established in the, in the, um, it's already established has records as everything. That's why. Um, yeah, no, I can definitely see that. That's definitely a good thing. I mean, I would argue that it, I don't want to say it doesn't matter. But like, if you're taking an LLC, that's been dormant. People can look up and see like, why you restarted it so it like wouldn't really be fooling anyone, rather than going to like kind of ghost route where like you have a company that's not even registered and you're just selling software straight out without any like, I mean, that's actually what I was kind of wondering, it's like fraud in a way if you like, I don't know. No, it's, it's not dormant right now. It's, it's active. That's, it's just already people working under it. It's making revenue. Yeah, it's making revenue. Um, it's just not, it's not like, it's not active to the point where it's, um, like, I got I got like flush this out better, but I was just, um, it's not active to the point where it's like, I think there's only two employees under it. And I'm probably I think I'm one of the employees under it too, just like as or my dad or something. I gotta figure that out. But it's, it's not dormant. If it was dormant, then what's the point? Well, I mean, dormant as in like, because you know, you when you register your business, you have to submit your like, taxes and stuff. So yeah, it's probably it's public information if your company like, has no revenue. And I don't know, it makes you know that you have any revenue. Yeah. I don't I don't know. I'm not a lawyer, but it's definitely good information. Like it's that that could be useful. I'll, I'll look into a little more. But I think, I think it's just like, it's a resource that I thought would be useful for everyone to know about. Yeah, for sure. Thank you. Um, yeah, with that, I guess, do we want to go to what, you know, Zach and Hunter have discovered? I guess I could sort of like started off. I'm definitely on board with this. But specifically, I guess, um, Jay brought it up. But I am also kind of, I'm just wondering how we sort of bring up that like, we haven't had a track record. We're an old company. Like, how do we sell ourselves as that? Without, you know, the actual history, you know? Oh, you just it's visual. Like, if you you can tell by just a website's landing page down to like, how they conduct business. And like, there'd be nothing. Okay, imagine we had a landing page, it would give off the presence that it's been around forever. But there's nothing that's like, especially saying, like, it's a week old. So it's like, it's more like we conduct ourselves as if we are. Yeah, as not a startup, essentially. It's like anti startup. And there's nothing wrong with that. It's just most people obviously want their like, modern AI slop website with their, you know, stupid little logo. I don't know. I'm very critical. Yeah, aren't people like when people are going to go into business, right? Say a company is going in business. I, I believe they're going to do their due, like due diligence about the company and not just stop at like the surface level of the of the website. I disagree. I mean, I have experience in this with selling my last job as well as I've sold software to companies without literally like any history. Like, dude, I've sold I've sold software without even having like a website, you just like, contact them or find a contract and just be like, Hey, I'll give you guys this code for this this amount of money and you give it to them. All right. Yeah, no, if I feel like you would know best about that. So yeah, I believe it. I mean, there's a tactical way to do it. Like the I don't know, I just think we're not selling B2B SaaS in the traditional sense of we're essentially creating a network of contracts between different companies. So it's more like I don't even know. It's like we're operating as a like short term electricians for companies rather than a B2B SaaS. Because we're creating a network of contracts between different companies. Rather than a B2B SaaS, because we can build this software so quickly. And it's just I really see the entire industry shifting, because it's not no longer this process of, okay, you're going to pay me $100,000. And it's going to take me six months to build this product and do the research. And then I'll on week or on month seven, I'm going to help you integrate it week eight, you're going to get the, you know, the technical training. Now it's like, I can build you the technology tonight and integrate it over the next two weeks with your team, right? That's just how drastic it is. And I don't think people without I mean, I think I might have a unique perspective on it because people in my family and around me and myself have been in software pre AI. And it's like night and day. And there's a lot of people that don't realize that yet. And that's kind of the people we're trying to convince to give us a chance. So there's a little more context, but I wanted to hear I mean, Zach and Hunter, do you have any like insight? Yeah. Oh, yeah. Okay. Yeah, I guess I mean, I was also kind of wondering, because yeah, we're going contract to contract sort of building relation, relationships with, you know, with the company. Like sort of building relation, relationships with different companies, but I was also wondering sort of how the company itself will grow from there, like, kind of the growth plan, in a sense, like, I feel like the future of it. Yeah, what's the future, like, will be on just like going contract to contract you feel me? Yeah. Well, honestly, there's there's plenty of companies that that's exactly what they do, except, you know, once they have enough money to actually pay the fees and registration stuff required to become, you know, an actual company with whatever state they want. That's when they become, you know, a consulting firm or just a run of the mill, you know, tech contract company. It's just getting to that point. And what I'm arguing is that, I mean, if someone, what I'm essentially proposing is this is a system allows you to easily get those initial contracts. If you have a really good idea, then you can go ahead and do whatever you want with it if you want to make it a real company, a startup, whatever. It's more of like an incubator that operates on this like contract basis, you know. Okay. It's really I mean, it's like, I don't, as far as I know, no one's ever done this before. So it's like, there's really nothing to base it off of. Because everything is like still very much just a normal process. But there's like, technically, as far as I know, nothing's stopping anyone from doing this. Yeah, I mean, I guess if we have a good pipeline down with finding companies, it can. It's a snowball, right? The second you get one company, you can put it on your website. It's literally, it's a gamble, right? Like I, I mentioned it last time, but this is a, you know, one in 10 chance this works. And on the off chance it works. It's like, it really, the odds continue increasing, you know. Okay. So, yeah, I think I'm, I'm sort of seeing it. I'm seeing. And that's, that's the idea behind the collective is like, if you have your name tied to a collective, and people that know what they're doing and have experience in doing it, it'll give you a lot higher chance. Like if, okay, think of, so think of the perspective that this already exists, right? Like, imagine we have this middleware idea. If we joined the collective, imagine how much easier it would be, right? Yeah. So that's what we're trying to create, or I mean, I'm proposing that I want to create it, so. No, I get you. I get you. All right. It's like YC, but like less VCs, and it's not in San Francisco. All right. Yeah, okay. No, that makes sense to me. I guess Hunter can ask his question as well. So, I just want to. I guess Hunter can ask his question as well. Yeah, so I just want to get a little bit of clarification. So the project slash collective, the nonprofit part, whatever, that is talking about the actual pipeline that we build for, I guess, connecting whatever you're building to a company, right? Yeah, I mean, on the outer layer, that's where people would have access to essentially the software to find the product market fit. And then the company part is using that and actually building the software, right? Well, yeah, then the people can use the structure that's in place to sell the software. Because there's a huge demand for AI software. There's just a lack of people that can distribute it legally and know what they're doing. There's plenty of these 15-year-old kids that can build an insane application, but they're never going to be able to sell it. I see. OK, yeah, that makes sense. But I mean, just to continue the conversation, we got like 5, 10 minutes. I mean, I feel like, does anyone else have a proposed idea? Because this is very drastically different than the first meeting we had. I don't really have a different idea. I think this is a pretty good idea. The plan is to open source that software, though, right? I just want to make sure. Not initially, because I don't really want a failed project tied to my name. But if it ends up working out for us, then I would say that's where we open source it. OK, yeah, I see. I mean, I'm hedging my bets, though, of course. So we test it ourselves, pretty much, or utilize it ourselves. OK, that makes sense, yeah. Yeah, I think this is a good idea. Yeah, I'm down. All right, yeah. I'm sorry, I'm just like, I feel like there's not enough critique, almost. Like, I feel like it's too good to be true, because it probably is. But I'll definitely, I'm going to run it past some more people outside of this group of people. And if you guys want to do the same, that's extremely helpful. I guess, I mean, personally, I just think you're more experienced with this contract type of thing. And I think a lot of that relies, like kind of like our whole idea relies on being able to get clients. And so I trust you more on that aspect than I would, I think. I can ask that within my network, too. Yeah, so up to, because I know we signed the NDA and such. Like, how much are you fine with? I mean, I guess this is a group decision. Like, how much are we going to disclose about the project to get like actual feedback? Because I mean, I feel like at the end of the day, it's the execution of the project that really matters, not really the idea. Yeah, I mean, it's expanded from the initial first meeting. I would say the NDA is really just primarily now for the actual, like, it would be, for example, the GitHub repo or repos. Like, that's what the NDA is for. As far as the actual idea, I think that's totally fine to share. Yeah, also, yeah. I mean, I don't got much critique, because I think with this especially, like, unless we start trying to implement it, we're not going to really understand or see the problems, if there are any. Yeah, exactly. I think we should just keep the ground running. Yeah, I mean, there will be. Yeah, obviously, there will always be. But I think we should just have the ground running and tackle it. Yeah, and I mean, like, I'll reiterate what I said in the last meeting, trying not to. Yeah, where you got two minutes. I mean, if you guys want to stay or have time to have questions, that's fine. I want to reiterate that on the higher percent likely chance that this fails, the exit strategy is just open source the software. That's a cool little GitHub project tied to our names. Potentially, keep the collective part of it open. And then if we see or one of us gets motivation to continue that, then good for them. That's totally fine if any one of us wants to do that, because I know I'm pretty dedicated to that. And I've definitely had that idea for a while. So I would say even if you don't have a lot of faith in it, it could be interesting to at least give it a try. Yeah, I agree. So I guess what you're saying is even if this current idea and company sort of fails, I think we should stay connected within this idea of this collective, right? Yeah, I mean, there's nothing keeping you. Obviously, if the company fails, you want to leave. There's no incentive other than I still have faith in the general idea. Because I know it's really hard to say with what's going to happen in the next few years. But I don't know. I genuinely believe I think the next two years are going to be make or break for quite a number of people. All right, OK. But that's just my own personal opinion. But yeah, with that, I know last time was like an hour. And I want to keep this respectful of everyone's time. So if anyone has any more questions, I'll be in here. And if not, then I guess you can just do it.